Development flow:
1. Clone the repository to one of the following
	a. to your computer
	b. to a new instance in Cloud9
2. Create a new branch in git for development of the new edition
3. Develop new edition
	a. make appropriate changes
	b. run the 'rake' command to build a new, local version
	c. preview the new version to verify the changes
	d. if the changes are acceptable, commit them to git
	d. repeat until website is done
4. Publish development version to the staging location of the website via Capistrano
	a. follow the instructions at the top of '../config/deploy/staging.rb'
	b. make any necessary changes
	c. commit the changes and repeat until website is finalized
5. Publish finalized version to the production location of the website via Capistrano
	a. merge the development branch into the master branch on git
	b. follow the instructions at the top of '../config/deploy/staging.rb'
	c. verify the live site is correct
	d. celebrate!
	

IMPORTANT: Steps 4 and 5 cannot be completed unless your are working from
an account on a computer that has SSH access to the web server in Atlanta.
To get access, talk to Matt Watson or Perry Thomas.


Terms & Concepts:
Git
Rake
Capistrano
SSH
Staging vs. Production
Haml
Sass


ToDo:
-create guide for website design so others can develop
-define terms and concepts

Newsletter goes out on the 02/13/15
Build out documentation as I learn it
wishlist:
    gallery for pictures that allows people to zoom/browse
    claymation thing with the logo is too slow
    archive page for accessing past issues

to access Atlanta server:
ssh damien@69.61.108.36

to deploy to stage with your current branch:
bundle exec cap staging deploy

to deploy to production with the master branch:
bundle exec cap production deploy

make changes to index page in: 
index.html.erb

bylines are handled in _grid_layout.html.haml

each article should have a haml file with the article contents in articles/content
articles/articles.yml
	controls the order of the articles
	controls what articles are visible on the page
	controls what articles get built

ToDo:
read up on Puppet(used to administrate a Linux box remotely)
	http://www.linux.com/learn/tutorials/325201-introduction-to-puppet-streamlined-system-configuration
